guys these are the winners of the
evidence super junior dance challenge
and they are how's it like to have one
FN super June in Japan challenge so who
is your favorite Super Junior member you
guys some of you guys watch the concert
last night right how was it okay so tell
me who you guys are
what are your names and you guys are
representing your schools all right all
from the same school but what school you
guys from MIT represent right okay so
like - you guys will be performing in a
press conference for the Super Junior
are you guys excited don't know this at
all very confident a bit all right there
how long did you guys take to practice
and to rehearse for this but Killick are
you doing one two days only whatever
came out of Korea mostly
hahaha very collaborative okay so
anything to say to people out there
about your performance alright and who
brought you guys here